you're not ready for this yeah I look
comfortable is what you're saying
they're all wearing suits sitting in the
Miami Heat but I think you're having me
Apollo I respect you a lot as a player
you're amazing
well we are done with the third and
fourth-place match here at the Miami
Fillmore covers presented by Omni slash
I'm joined right now by Apollo who
unfortunately just had a loss against
echo Fox Apollo what went wrong today
everything went wrong today Chavis I
mean man
yeah the match was pretty rough I think
I don't really know specifically I think
our early games have just were just
really poor and they they kind of
punished us I think our yeah I don't
know it just felt like a lot of our
early games went poorly we didn't know
how to recover
I think game 1 was like manageable I
think we did a pretty good job I don't
think they clipped they they were not in
a position to close out that cleanly but
then we made like a few mistakes even
though we had like a chance to come back
and that was pretty much like after that
after the first game I felt like from
there we didn't like we didn't really
put up a fight and it sucked it was kind
of embarrassing I think we're much
better team than this but we just didn't
show up today and yeah was that like the
mental tilting on occurred after the
first game I mean I'm gonna speak for
myself because I don't think I was very
till today you know I I kept it calm but
I don't know I I can't really speak for
the players I don't know if they were
tilted though well I think we're all we
all had a we're all usually a pretty
good mindset but it did feel like during
the games like we just weren't
performing up to the level that we
usually are at was any part of it the
different stage right playing in front
of this bigger audience who think that
that impact of the team at all it's like
I said it's kind of hard to say you know
for me my last like big stage experience
was Madison Square and I I can tell you
for a fact that I was a lot more nervous
then than it was now is a lot more calm
I felt like they didn't really affect me
at all and on this stage today so I felt
pretty good I can't really speak the
other players BAM now you mentioned that
you guys maybe underperformed today what
are you doing out echo fox because they
seem like a
that was unstoppable during the regular
split up until just about the end then
it they just didn't look the same do you
think that this was like a return to
form for them yeah I mean I definitely
want to discredit them in all I think
they played really well today but they
do kind of you know they tend to do the
same play style so they had a really
early game centric strategy for most
like pretty much all the games and they
executed it really well I don't know if
they can do that against other teams or
like I don't know how it worked against
better teams but they definitely did a
lot better than I think people were
expecting them to do yeah yesterday on
hotline Sebastien showed up for a little
bit and he he said that he felt like
clutch was the underdog going up against
echo fox a lot of people were saying it
was gonna be you guys because I can flex
them in a little bit week but I mean did
you agree with that do you think that
there's an element of that you actually
I don't really know it's all the casters
are screaming loudly as we're filming
here they all just walk in I mean
they're just hot freak is literally
in shorts and I look comfortable is what
you're saying they're all wearing suits
sitting in the Miami Heat but I think
you're having me Apollo I respect you a
lot as a player you're amazing thank you
we were having a very somber interview
about his loss and then like all these
in the background here it's just so hard
to be a professional in the League of
Legends eSports team you know Sebastian
said that he thought that you guys were
hide your hide your badge hide your
badge
yes hotline League Sebastian said that
he thought that they were the underdogs
last night when I was curious what okay
thanks mark for really contributing okay
no you know what the question he'll I'll
not see you though yeah um underdogs
sure I mean actually it's kind of hard
to say I think it was actually a pretty
even match going into it like it felt
like both teams were maybe underperform
or both teams weren't like up to the
standards of the other top teams maybe
right so maybe I think that's why I was
like more of a 50/50 and yeah I don't
know it's kind of hard to say he was
underdog in this series you know
but we clearly got destroyed so maybe we
were the underdogs I just saw the press
conference with the echo fox players
they all said that they thought Team
Liquid was going to win tomorrow
except for Phoenix who only changed his
mind after everybody else had voted for
Team Liquid so what what do you think
after having a screaming scrum liske
screamed those guys all week I think tio
will win yeah I don't really want to
like yeah well I don't want to try and
be that guys as the hub's are gonna win
but I think hundred these are a good
team and I think big I don't think it's
gonna be a stomp I hope it's not gonna
be so I don't think it's gonna be a
stomp but I think tail are the better
team they've been playing really well
yeah the players are just really they're
performing really well and I think all
them all those players are on T L are
experienced I don't think they're like
they're not known to choke on stage or
anything or at okay big events so
there's nothing like I mean part of
these really isn't either but yeah
anyways I think T are the better team
Paul is there anything that you want to
say to any of the clutch fans out there
thanks for watching sorry for that
slightly subpar performance today but
you know we'll come back strong for a
summer split and I'll see you guys then
I'm looking forward to interviewing you
then as well enjoy your break yeah I
have to go out to Germany and stuff it's
I I know that sounds like a humble brag
but yeah it was you would have to play
in the EU LCS studio for the majority of
that which is not this is it's not yeah
thank you anyway thanks Apollo really
appreciate for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel listen I really need to get
better about planning stuff because I'm
in an uber right now bro and I forgot to
film outros I actually don't know any of
these people this is a we its budget so
we just we do the uber thing where you
actually share the ride with strangers
and so they're very confused by what's
happening but this is all brought to you
by Omni slash so thank you so much Omni
slash and be sure to subscribe for more
interviews